physics, topology, logic and computation: a rosetta stone
purely functional data structures by Okasaki
real world haskell by bryan o sollivan
pearls of functional algorithm design
infinite powers: steven strogatz
journey through genius: the great theorems of mathematics: william dunham
euler: the master of us all william dunham
the calculus gallery: masterpieces from newton to lebesgue
Introduction to Abstract Algebra by W. Keith Nicholson
Mathematics: Form and Function: saunders maclane
Love and Math from Edward Frenkel
fermats last theorem: simon singh
surely your joking Mr.Feynman
things to make and do in the fourth dimension
Elements (euclid)
Godel's proof - nagel/newman
proofs of 'the book'
the man who loved only numbers (hoffman)
set theory, topology, and other maths/physics: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V49i_LM8B0E&list=PLPH7f_7ZlzxTi6kS4vCmv4ZKm9u8g5yic
a mathematicians apology: gd hardy
a friendly introduction to number theory by silverman
How Mathematicians Think, by William Byers
To Infinity and Beyond, by Eli Maor
An Introduction to Mathematics, by Alfred North Whitehead
The Power of Mindful Learning, by Ellen J. Langer
thermodynamics - enrico fermi
physical chemistry - a molecular approach
process heat transfer
Optimal Control Theory: An Introduction
Fundamentals of Electric Circuits
mathematics its content methods and meaning
fourier series and boundary value problems churchill 1941
Algebra: An Elementary Text-Book
Ordinary Differential Equations - Dover
Probability Theory: The Logic of Science
Course of Modern Analysis whittaker and wastom
Theory of Functions of a Complex Variable
discrete mathematics with applications - susanna S. Epp
mathematics: a discrete introduction - edward R. Scheinerman
Analysis I terence Tao
Analysis 2 tarence tao
from calculus to analysis - steen pedersen
writing proofs in analysis - jonathan M. Kane
topology - james munkres
topology without tears - sidney A. morris
numerical analysis - timothy sauer
an introduction to numerical methods and analysis - james F. epperson
combinatorial reasoning: an introduction to the art of counting - duana detemple
introductory combinatorics - richard A. brualdi
elements of set theory - berbert enderton
princeton lectures in analysis I
princeton lectures in analysis 2
princeton lectures in analysis 3
princeton lectures in analysis 4
introduction to lattices and order - ba davey
lattices and ordered sets - steven roman
post-modern algebra - jonathan D.H smith
universal algebra - P.M. Cohn
propositional and predicate calculus - derek godrei
mathematical logic - ian chiswell
computability theory - herbert enderton
introduction to the theory of computation - michael spiser
numerical methods that usually work - forman S. acton
elementary number theory - kenneth H. Rosen
Algebra abstract and concrete - frederick goodman
Linear algebra done wrong - sergei treil
algebra: chapiter 0 - paolo aluffi
algebra: a graduate course: I martin isaacs
number fields - daniel a marcus
sets for mathematics - f.w. lawvere
arrows structures and functors: the categorical imperitive: micheal a. arbib
category theory: a gentle introduction
basic category theory - tom leinster
visual complex analysis - tristan needham
complex analysis with applications - dennis g. zill
the elements of real analysis - robert g. bartle
advanced calculus of several variables - c.h. edwards jr.
principles of mathematical analysis - walter rudin
applied optimization - ross baldick
an introduction to optimization - edwin k.p. chong
convex optimization theory - dimitri p. bertsekas
foundations of optimization - osman guler
a differential approach to geometry - francis borceux
elementary differenctial geometry - andrew pressley
manifolds, tensors and forms - paul renteln
a comprehensive introduction to differential geometry - michal spivak
introdutory functional analysis with applications - erwin kreyszig
principles of functional analysis - martin scheter
real and complex analysis - walter rudin
real analysis - gerald b. folland
glassical geometry - I. E. L., J.E.L, A.C.F.L, G.W.T
modern geometry with applications - george a. gennings
invitation to combinatorical topology - maurice frechet and ky fan
basic concepts of algebraic topology - fred h. croom
elements of algebraic topology - james munkres
a first course in algebraic topology - c. kosniowski
elementary algebraic geometry - keith kendig
ideals varieties and algorithms - david a. cox
a royal road to algebraic geometry - audune holme
Foundations of Physically Based Modeling and Animation
more than 100 years of writing by the numbers: book of mathematics
elements de mathematiques (fr) - nicholas bourbaki
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice james folley
linear algebra and its applications - gilbert strang
elementary differential geometry - barrett o neil
Numerical Recipes in C: The Art of Scientific Computing
The Fourier Transform and Its Applications - ronald n bracewell
matrix computations - gene golub
computational geometry in c - joseph orourke
computational geometry: an introduction - franco preparata
Proof, Logic, and Conjecture: The Mathematician's Toolbox
How to Read and Do Proofs: An Introduction to Mathematical Thought Processes
How to Solve It: A New Aspect of Mathematical Method (Princeton Science Library)
Mathematics and Plausible Reasoning, Volume 1: Induction and Analogy in Mathematics
